Came by electric bike with his fiancé
That poor thing, you are dying of laughter when you see it.
Li Moran, is this you?
This is his wife
You can
I really don't want to.
This is the only place left now.
That
To leave to my husband
Well, this one.
I have to help my husband buy me a limited edition bag.
OK
Husband come and sit
What's good about Fan Ronglin?
Didn't you say your bag is precious?
Then you stand
Ouch, Lu Li, when did you get engaged?
We are college classmates after all
Why didn't you tell us?
Yeah oops
Your husband doesn't look too young, does he?
What are you doing?
Yes, you introduce to everyone
Your husband who rides a battery bike
What kind of big man
What? Since he is Ruoli who rides a broken bicycle
How dare you bring him to dinner?
I remember now.
Aren't you the blind fortune teller on the side of the road?
Oh, it's a bad fortune teller
I said how come I smell the stench of inferior people
Fan Ruolin, you are not five years ago
Threatening to take off your veil
Who is your man?
We are serious
What kind of big man do you think he will be?
The result is such an inferior person
It really doesn't look good
You know who my husband is
He is the Dragon King Dao